We don't need the memories
Could the one to keep our eye on this match be the one people are calling the top high school setter,
Inarizaki's Miya Atsumu?
Indeed, we should.
Tsubakihara (Kanagawa)
Karasuno (Miyagi)
Inarizaki (Hyougo)
But we should also keep our eyes on Karasuno's setter.
Karasuno High School's Kageyama Tobio.
He's another skilled player who was invited to the All-Japan Youth Camp this year.
We're definitely seeing a setter battle between East and West!
That jump was really good!
I forgot to hit the ball!
How could I waste an opportunity like that?!
No need to be so depressed.
Isn't that the first time Hinata's been distracted by anything other than a set that went up?
If you ever do that again during a match, I'm never setting to you again.
You need to make sure you can do both.
You absolutely suck!
Got it!
Did something click with him...
after he saw the real deal yesterday?
Maybe.
But even if he's able to make that boom jump a success,
I didn't expect Hinata's highest point of contact to change that drastically.
This is going to throw us off.
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
If we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So we're smiling for now
Episode Fourteen: Rhythm Episode Fourteen: Rhythm
Episode Fourteen: Rhythm Give us a good serve!
I couldn't care less if it's loud or quiet.
What a tough spot to reach!
And the receive is a bit sloppy.
Got it! Tanaka!
Tanaka goes in for finish!
I touched it!
You got this!
Mine.
Miya Atsumu sets the ball on the first touch!
Then Ojiro Aran smashes it over the net!
Karasuno High School has completely stopped in their tracks!
Aran Nice spike, Aran!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Nice spike, Aran! Jump, jump, Aran!
Do it again!
Nice spike!
You scared the crap outta me!
Inarizaki's always breaking the mold.
"The ultimate challengers," huh?
Aran's not bad, though I'm better!
Right, Akaashi?
Yes.
Of course that was a very direct surprise attack,
but they were also trying to say,
"We're not going to be overwhelmed by our first match. This is a piece of cake,"
and put pressure on them.
I can keep calm while watching them play,
but it'd suck playing against them.
They piss me off.
Give us a good serve!
Right at the whistle?!
Sorry! That was a bit long!
He managed a rebound without turning around!
That was good!
There!
We're up against the ultimate challengers.
But...
we're just as much...
the challengers when it comes to volleyball!
Hinata Shouyou ran out and scored the point!
That's the Karasuno first-year duo's famous broad jump!
All right!
Yes!
Huh?!
Way to go, Hinata!
That's a scary attack.
Their first one is always a killer.
Man, I almost ran into that guy with the scary face.
I almost fell for Hinata's fake attack too.
Wow.
Inarizaki Karasuno What the heck was that crazy spike?!
It sure was crazy!
That's called a broad jump.
You don't see that much in boys' volleyball.
Yeah?
It's fast enough to break through a block,
yet it doesn't sacrifice any height.
How frickin' cool is that?!
That thing's even cooler to see in person!
What's your deal? You always mentally regress, like, five years when we're in a match.
Shut yer trap!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
It doesn't really seem like we're applying pressure to them.
That four-eyes earlier was basically smirkin' the whole time.
I mean, you can try to distract me when I'm serving all you want, but it won't work.
Should we switch things up early?
Yeah, let's.
The whole team that placed second at the interhigh is giving it their all to beat us!
When it's my turn to serve...
it'll be hundreds of them versus me!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
They're going faster and faster.
That serve toss wasn't the best.
His first step was perfect!
They're going into a fast attack from there?!
Nice spike, Ren! Jump, jump, Ren!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Do it again!
Holy crap!
You only need to see it once.
His first step was as refined as it gets.
That quick and accurate first step gives the setter time to set up and figure out where his teammates are,
and it gives the team time to figure things out.
When a middle blocker scores the point, the opposing middle blocker scores right back.
Nice. Neither side is letting up.
Are they gonna use every last bit of the eight seconds they have?!
Nishinoya!
I was a half-step late!
Hell yeah!
Nice, nice, Ryuu! Push it, push it, Ryuu!
Cut them right off, Ina High!
Hey, Ryuu's not half bad.
Yeah.
Number ten's decoy was effective too,
but he's got a good eye on the blockers and the floor.
He used to just smash the ball as hard as he could.
S-Sure.
She's staring way harder than I expected.
It's like that thing where people start syncing up their applause for, like, a long jump in track and field.
But it's way different when you start it yourself than when people just randomly start it for you.
Even if the crowd means well, it may just end up provoking Karasuno.
It's fine!
That's not good.
Huh?
That rhythm that keeps getting faster.
That pressure isn't obvious, but before you know it, they're setting the rhythm.
I thought we'd just have to worry about the booing, but this is becoming an impediment too.
We have to start by being on par with our serves, or we're not gonna get anywhere.
Yeah!
Nice serve, Aran!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki High School's managed their second service ace already this match.
The lead just keeps growing!
Inarizaki doesn't seem like they're established champions.
They still have the feel of a team of upstarts that are climbing their way up.
Then they've got their support...
Inarizaki's cheering section seems more like cover fire than just your usual support.
I see what you mean.
Both on and off the court,
Inarizaki uses sound and time
to expand their territory.
Dang, their team's cheer squad is hella impressive!
Sorry to keep you boys waiting!
Haikyuu!!
Nice serve, Aran!
Inarizaki High School's managed their second service ace already this match.
Inarizaki Karasuno The lead just keeps growing!
What the heck? Inarizaki's already taken over the gym.
Atsumu, your first serve was a bit off.
Did you let the cheer squad distract you?
If only you guys had beaten Nekoma, you'd be playing here too, Suguru.
Nohebi Academy Volleyball Team Former Captain Daishou Suguru
Y-Yeah, you're right, Mika.
Wow, they're so cool!
Talk about pressure.
Glad I'm not playing against them.
Hey, taiko drums.
That's awesome!
Fly Fly
It's Saeko!
Her awesomeness is lethal.
That's definitely a new way to die.
Thank goodness they made it in time.
Yeah.
You're late!
My bad! We sorta got lost!
I just figured you were drinking all night again.
I mean, I was drinking until 5 AM, but we still left on time.
Give us a good serve!
Yes!
Thanks!
Wow! He's so fast!
Nationals is scary!
You got this, Hinata!
It's always ideal to have it be silent when you're about to serve,
but I really want to stop them from taking over the rhythm!
It doesn't have to be loud enough to overpower them.
As long as we can get a rhythm besides what Inarizaki is playing into the server's ears, then that's enough.
Let's go!
That one time really pissed me off.
But our job here isn't to beat the opponent's cheer squad.
We might not even be able to give our boys the push they need.
Because they're gonna keep moving forward on their own.
So we just need to regain the balance in here a bit.
I suddenly feel like I can hit the best serve ever!
Despite all of Inarizaki's provocation, Karasuno's number ten isn't showing even a bit of panic.
It almost looks like he's cracking a bit of a smile.
What kind of serve is he gonna do?
A spike serve? A jump float serve?
Or a completely normal one.
Aran!
Got it!
A double quick.
A super fast one from the side.
Tsukishima's blocking the cross.
It hasn't touched the ground.
It hit his foot.
The hell?!
Is that even allowed?
Technically, yeah.
It's just...
super embarrassing, I'm guessing.
It's that guy again!
Use your damn hands!
I totally missed!
Great job getting to the ball, Shouyou!
I've gotta regain my dignity!
Back row minus tempo!
Daichi!
Fly Fly
Nice, nice, Daichi! Push it, push it, Daichi! Do it again!
Sawamura moves in from the right!
Nice set!
I totally yelled "Back row minus tempo" in my head!
I honestly thought the set was going to Hinata Shouyou again!
Maybe Inarizaki is watching Hinata a little too closely.
I can't say I blame them, though.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Looks like Karasuno's getting back into a rhythm!
I thought he was totally going for Hinata, but he stopped.
He was trying to lure me in.
It totally looked like he was setting to Hinata just now, didn't it?!
Yes, it did.
Simple decoys won't work on read blockers.
But the receive went up in the center of the court,
and it looked like he was setting to Hinata, but it went further right.
It's not just that Kageyama's got everything in his field of view;
he probably knows how his opponents are viewing him.
Also...
Hinata's so tiny, but he sure makes himself known on the court!
Indeed.
Man, that totally looked like it was for me.
You moron!
Kageyama, you moron!
Not only did they place second in the interhigh,
they also have that overpowering cheer squad.
But it's possible we've been overestimating them to our detriment.
It'll be okay.
If we approach each problem one at a time, we'll be able to figure this out.
Yes.
Nice spike, Hitoshi! Jump, jump, Hitoshi!
Inarizaki Karasuno
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Do it again!
And there's the dual wielder again.
What's that mean?
Is he gonna use two balls?
No!
He can hit a spike serve or a jump float serve.
Basically, they won't know if they're gonna get Azumane's serve, Kageyama's serve,
or Tadashi's serve right up until he actually hits it.
Crap!
And depending on which one it is, the positioning for receiving will be different.
If they're even a step off, that delay can prove fatal when the serve comes in at over 100 km/h.
Jaybird Inn
Miya Atsumu is a dual wielder when it comes to serving.
Does that mean we won't know which serve is coming until he actually tosses the ball up?
No, you can tell them apart.
Count his steps.
When he's serving, he routinely measures his distance by the number of footsteps.
When he's going for a jump floater, he's four steps from the end line.
When he's going to do a spike serve, it'll be six steps.
That's how you'll be able to tell them apart.
It'll make a huge difference if we can tell which one he's going for.
They don't really show all the movements that go into doing a serve on TV, do they?
I'm surprised you were able to figure that out!
I did a lot of research!
I looked at videos online and videos my buddies took too.
Thanks!
That's four... A jump floater.
Bring it!
You may've figured that out,
but it's merely the starting line.
It only took a second...
...and it was right in his face!
Yet another service ace!
Miya Atsumu has two incredibly powerful serves under his belt!
That was an excellent serve!
Powerful serves can make the team powerful too.
If they don't stop him soon, Karasuno High School is going to be in trouble.
Inarizaki Karasuno Damn, that serve was insane!
Wow.
All right, guys.
We've dealt with intense serves in the past too.
Now's not the time to panic.
Right!
Oh?
Say, Samu.
Yeah, Tsumu?
We can't miss a chance to score. Am I right?
Four steps.
Another jump floater?
Yes!
Asahi!
Got it!
This position.
This timing.
This angle!
It's all perfect!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Nice spike, Osamu!
The ball really did just show up.
Hell yeah!
Th-That was almost like Hinata and Kageyama's...
deviant fast attack!
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Fifteen: Found Episode Fifteen: Found
Episode Fifteen: Found Next time: "Found."